You think you've had
Ah a bad day at work?
I think I got you beaten.
Nope. That's my partner.
Suck it!
There I am.
Three or four days ago, I
didn't know this world existed.
Three or four days ago, I wasn't
in the Rest In Peace Department.
I heard you coming by the way.
Look at this French girl gets
the job from Boston's finest.
Hey, you got the drop on me huh?
I feel like a genius right now. I
couldn't have planned this better.
Well, genius there is an
orange tree in the backyard.
I like it there.
Yeah, there is an orange tree
in the backyard. How weird.
I don't know how it get here.
Me neither.
You know it's a similar
prosperity, don't you?
No. I've never heard that.
It is. Ask anyone for it.
No. You're crazy. This tree is never
gonna make it through the winter.
Well, we aren't gonna make
it through the winter.
In this freezing little house.
I love our freezing
little house.
But don't you want more?
I always worried about money. Don't
you want to real a house, a car?
I don't worry about
money, You do.
I have everything I
need right here.
My husband with me.
Well, you will always have that.
I got to go to work.
I'll tell you when you can go to work.
Oh, really?
Watch that ankle.
Love you, baby!
Bye. Love you!
I got my picture in the
trophy case I see.
Look at that! Already
immortalized.
Oh, right place, right time.
What can I say?
Hey, Bobby. Hey.
Garth, Jesus, get a
rope or something.
You're asking too
much of that towel.
Morning, partner.
Good morning.
Hey guys, love to have you
at the Union, maybe, Monday.
Oh sweet Jesus, Murphy. Come on! Oh no!
I will shoot that thing.
That's pretty devastating. It's gonna
be awhile before I get that image out.
Hey, what did you do with yours?
I burried it. Really?
I thought you'll be joking about that.
You know it's not the worst idea.
It's gold and you buried it.
Right?
Listen, Bobby. I'm out.
You're out?
Nothing has to change for you.
You do whatever you want. But I'm putting
mine in the evidence. It's done.
Nicky. I said I will move it first.
I'll take care of everything.
It's not what I'm
talking about Bobby.
I'm talking about the way she
looked at me this morning.
I knew.
We went in there to make a drug bust.
Which we did.
We didn't expect this gold
to fall through our laps.
We weren't looking for it.
But then it happened.
The way I see it. You do it for Julia.
For your future together. It's simple.
No. She's happy. I'm not
going to risk that.
I'm sorry buddy.
Oh, you're right.
I hate it when you're right.
We got to turn the
whole thing in.
There goes the speedboat.
Look, you don't have to worry. I'm
not biting my fingers at you.
You do whaever you want to do.
No. It's bothering me too.
So, let's grow old
and poor together.
Listen up! We got Garza.
We got an address.
Wait, you got Garza? You
got an actual eyes on him?
An informant gave up this
whole meth operation.
He's there we got him.
Okay, We're in
business, partner.
Get another picture
in the trophy case.
Do you know how long we've been
waiting for Garza to slip up?
The guy is a Meth dealer, a cop killer.
He's got 30 guys with them.
It's not gonna go easy.
Now, standby for inspiring motivating
words from Detective Bobby Hayes.
How about we don't
get shot today.
That's great advice here.
You're good cop.
Detective Hayes advice us we
should avoid getting shot.
And also everybody should put
their charm braclets on now.
Hey, that's my grandmother's St.
Christopher Medal, jackass.
It's adorable.
I wear for protection.
As for protection, well
this stop bullets.
And yours is stops you
from getting dates.
Let's go!
Move it! Move in! Let's go!
Move in!
Stay on my lead. Let's
put them on their heals.
Hey, Be safe will ya?
Knock. Knock.
Police Officer!
I see Garza.
He's on the catwalk.
Damn it! Garza out
the South window.
Jesus! Wow that was close.
The hell you're doing?
You almost got me.
Bud, I can't let you
turn that gold in.
What?
Tuff day.
It's a little old to be in
a tounge tied at first.
I want you to know that
I'm here to help you.
I've sat in that chair.
So take your time.
Ease in to it.
Ease in to what?
Come on genius. I know
you can get there.
This is a joke.
Halarious. Hahaha.
I'm dead?
Let's be honest.
Being a dirty cop.
Is one of the highest shot
in the face percentage jobs.
That's not who I am. Really?
Pretty boy?
How'd it feel as you were
headed towards judgment?
Comfortable? Feel like
you're bound for glory?
Or you're a little worried
that you're going down.
I thought so.
You're lucky Nick.
You have skills that we want.
So, we're giving you a choice.
You can take your
chances with judgment.
Or you can join the R.I.P.D.
The R.I.P.D?
Rest In Peace Department.
I get it. It's cute.
Simply put, we find dead people that
have manage to escape judgment.
We ship them off back down
to where they belong.
Tour is 100 years.
You say yes we send you
back down to Boston.
Your home turf. I'll do it.
That's not gonna work.
What's not going to work?
I said I'm in.
I know what you're thinking.
You're in a rush.
You want your life back.
You want Julia.
No. You asked me to help you.
And I'm here to help.
You really don't think
I can read you?
I know everything there
is to know about you.
Don't ponder on this
opportunity, Nick.
I know for a fact.
You can use a good recommendation
on Judgement Day, okay?
I think you're smelling
what I'm selling.
Any more questions?
What's with this Steely Dan?
No idea. It's always playing.
Seems to relax people.
Let's do this. Yes Lax.
This will tickle abit.
What the fuck?
Why don't you jump in
and get over here?
Settle down!
This is holding we
call them Dead'O.
Until they popped they
look like regular people.
So, no one except us knows
they're monsters inside.
Hey!
You see if you slipped through the cracks,
and stand right there if you die,
Your souls rots.
They rot. The world rots.
Global warming, Black plaque,
Bad cell receptions. Get it?
Without the R.I.P.D, the world would
have been overrun by these dead people.
Sometime in 1954.
I'll stay. No option.
150,000 people die everyday.
This place is,
wasn't design to handle
that kind of volume.
Welcome to the big league.
R.I.P.D. Boston.
Before you are the greatest law
officers, who ever lived and died.
With the 3rd biggest
precinct in the force.
What's the first? Bocca.
R.I.P.D. Scottsdale a
lot of volume too.
Trust me, Chase here is
making a big come back.
I'm telling you!
Chicks dig it.
It's a lot to take in
on your first day dead.
But don't worry, your partner
will explain it all to you.
No! Go get your hands off me!
I said get your hands off me!
Almost had him.
Come on! Roy! Oh you come on!
'Cause I'm the only one
willing to leave the love.
Oh Jesus. Oh you Jesus!
Roy! What? He was
going for the door.
I wont plant a gun on him, If
it makes you feel any better.
Would you like to take this
up to the Eternal Affairs?
We both know what this is
about, don't we, honeypon?
Not the time, Roy.
Why not have it out now?
I'm comfortable.
Roy, meet your new partner.
Nick Walker.
We've been over this before.
I'm a one man operation.
Had a choice Roy?
Nope. You got to earn that.
Come on, Rookie. Grab your.
Hop on in, don't be shy.
Ever think about hiding
this place a little better?
When was the last time
you got a VCR repaired?
Point taken.
That's right, you're back. Don't
wet your pants over it. Come on!
We'll gonna be late.
PROCTOR to start job
for some closure.
Come in!
Disappointing turn out, huh?
Expected more?
We got a lot to talk about.
But for now, im just gonna to step back
and let you soak it in for a minute.
This moment is not about me.
This is about you.
Letting go.
Thank you for letting
me soaked it in.
I'll wait for you. Alright.
You know what my funeral was?
Of some a bunch of coyote's,
picked my carcas clean,
and dragged my bones
off into a cave.
Freaking cave of.
Here it comes.
Becareful now!
Hey! Come on! Watch it!
Julia! Julia!
I'm here and I don't
know how but I'm here.
I'm sorry but I don't know you.
Can we just talk or
we'd just go somewhere?
Julia! Hey Julia!
What's your problem? Huh?
Piece of shit! Piece of shit!
Back on the meth's place.
That went well.
I knew something
is asked for you.
What just happened? How
could she not know it's me?
To them, you don't look like
you, you don't sound like you.
If you try to tell them who you
are comes out all garbled out.
The Universe and it's ultimate wisdom,
would not let you revealed yourself.
It's smarter than us.
That's sick.
Consider it The Universe
Witness Protection program.
So what do I look like?
Here. These are your ID's.
Some federals, lot of utilities.
Whatever get us access.
Really? An old Chinese guy?
What about you?
Like I see you win Roy.
Let me bring you up to speed
with what's on my plate.
When you ride with me,
You ride with the best.
Pace as lightning,
Expectation high.
Things are gonna come at you fast. They
gonna come hard. They gonna come wet.
Wet? Learn to drive Bimbo!
You've done this before?
Driving?
Ah! You're gonna get your feet
wet, with the standard pickup.
Found the suspect, Test 'em.
See if these a Dead'O.
And then... Look at the
ankles on that girl.
That's what you're into. Ankles?
That's what does it for you?
In my days women dress
up in certainty.
That makes you real ass creepy.
When exactly was your day?
1800 buddy.
I'm what we used
to call a lawman.
Marshall Roycephus Pulsifer.
Roycephus?
It's considered a very
sexy name at that time.
Sounds like an S.T.D. [Sexual
Transmitted Disease]
Would you care to drive?
I didn't get a peek at your wife's ankle.
Not one more word about her.
Listen Rook, You better work
on getting a little distance.
Because you too are over.
You just worry about
yourself partner.
Woah, you ain't my partner Rook.
You're just the ass on that
other seat till I say contrary.
I had a partner. Greatest
man I'd ever knew.
Not up until he shot
me in the back.
This is what partners
will get to.
Tell me about it. How do
you think I got here?
You got shot with
a modern bullet.
I would have liked a modern bullet.
Sanitary glazed.
That's exactly how it felt as
passed through my face. Sanitary.
The term partner
died when I did.
You got it Roycephus.
Roycephus!
Cephus.
Just call me Roy.
I was going to do that.
Roycephus.
Listen up! This
is tactical Rook.
Tactical? A bag
of Indian food.
Yup. Got a tip on a possible
Dead'O in this building.
Now listen and learn.
Dead'O.
Full of awful bad dead Mojo.
Effect everything with
their soul stacked.
Effect everything for the worse.
People and things.
There you go. Broken shits
is a dead give away.
Soul killers.
Hit a Dead'O in the
head with one of this.
And it's got to be the head. First
half on the face most rectified.
You're raised from the cosmos.
All the life ones would hurt us, see be
extra careful where you point that thing.
You saw my gun ain't on safety.
It. Ankle piece is strappin'.
Like world gun don't
do deadly squats here.
You keep your eyes off my ankles.
Thank you.
This out.
Even more promising.
It's always the quiet one.
You ready? You pumped?
Need you out here. Get your snowman on.
Get frosty.
Alert. I'd say hot.
Is this you try to
sound like a cop?
This throws up a lot
of red flags for me.
Got to learn the lingo umbrido.
I'm frosty.
Don't worry about it.
Senior Officer gets
to knock Rook.
I've got 15 years in the force
knock off the Rookie bullshit.
Oh, you've done this before. You know
what's waiting for you behind the door.
You can take your 15 years and you
can throw it down the toilet.
Because this, ain't that.
I'll knock you do the cards.
Stanley Nawicky, We're with
the Department Of Health.
Is there a problem?
Oh, nothing Narwicky. We suspect
that you might be dead.
Is this really necassary? No offense
but, you sounds kindda crazy.
Point taken. It's just a routine test.
By your hair.
I am not dead.
I meant that's laugh but
check my pulse go ahead.
Rook, first question.
It's late on ash Wednesday an
Asian teenager in slumdog Acura.
Offers you a plate
of Chicken Vindaloo.
Do you accept?
How am I supposed
to answer that?
Oh you tell me.
Okay, the answer is no.
What's the problem?
Is it the teenager? Yes?
Is it the Japanese
performance to dance?
Perhaps means the Indian food.
Maybe he hates Indian.
No. That's a... Card.
The teenager is Armenian.
The day is Rosh Hashanah.
The dish is SAAG PANEER.
I don't want it.
Why not?
Is it spicy? Too mushy?
You. You can't eat
during an interview.
I... I don't want anyone.
You don't what?
Card!
The car is a lime green Scion.
The season is the solstice.
The dish is CHICKEN
TIKKA MASALA.
No! Yes. Yes it is!
It's Chicken Tikka!
Oh yeah! That's a Dead'O.
Big O' mouth coming in.
Snitch in life.
Seen him like that.
Metaphorical.
For some reasons Indian foods
seems to do the trick.
Maybe it's the Kuma.
You can bag this one.
My treat.
No! Im not going
anywhere near that.
Where is that 15
years now frosty?
Gotta get comfortable with the
visual in the smell profile.
Alright, spread them.
Come on. Let's go.
Hurry up. Let's get
this over with.
That won't be a problem
when all is over.
Spread pal.
Put all your hands
behind your back.
Stupid space cuffs.
Hey!
No!
You want it?
You got it!
Here! Grab him! Get
the rest of him!
Oh shit!
Where he's at? Pun head!
Relax your body!
What?
Relax money!
Give me a reason.
Time to find for me a good one.
Had to make me give him a chance.
Might have notice we're pretty durable.
It still hurts!
That's what works the bottom.
Bottom?
Okay. That's mostly
understable.
You'd really gonna
run it through that?
Brief after action report.
Now, we blow within the room.
But you did respond well to my
steering during the airbone portion.
Your internal organs provided
me a very soft landing.
You have a very
impressive crumples up.
With the exception of letting yourself
get attached directly to the.
Stop talking. You were solid.
C plus. Stop talking.
Stop it! Stop it!
Stop talking!
You're the one who's talking.
You ran your mouth
at my funeral.
You ran your mouth when you
pushed me out of the building.
You run your mouth non-stop
since the minute we met.
No! No! No! Shut up.
Shut up and let me deal.
Oh! You deal! You deal
with the up Chuck.
Come to think of it. With
all this tantruming.
I'm begining to think that im a little
too generous from a plus from that C.
I'm just to lower your grade.
Relax body.
My hat!
You brave. F.
Bus I can forgive. My hat.
Can't even talk about that now.
Go! Go! Go! Tiny as a package.
Let's go.
The hell is this?
A fire drill?
Never seen anything this busy.
Seems like every Dead'O
to Boston last week.
What did I say? Get
back out there.
No breaks for everyone till
the surge is under control.
If I didn't need you
back on the streets...
What? You have my ass?
Dont be a clich'e.
You let them get at the window.
Aren't you better than them?
You're the one who put me with
the training wheels here.
Be gone. Make
yourself being boss.
Still large on the boss part.
Don't you?
That's the game That's
what you wanted.
I don't play the game.
And my ass is mine
and mine alone!
Ignorant!
Come on! Glad anyway.
Roy! Narwicky was trying awfully
hard to protect this gold.
Don't you think we should try
to figure out what it is?
Trust me it's nothing.
The man in that these things. Is just
fundraising at 'em from various religions.
Just crap!
What about the one percent?
That's why we locked
'em up in here.
Bag it. Tag it and burried deep.
Is that all of it? That's it.
Sign here please.
Roy! Listen. What?
Narwicky cared an awful
lot about that gold.
Yeah.
He was trying to hide it from us.
Why?
So now you're gung-ho huh?
I'm... I'm thinking
we should follow up.
Let me guess,
Genius has a plan.
Genius wants to get off
the street and work this.
I think you could help me with that.
You know why?
Because every great cop
that I've ever known.
Has their own informant.
Big Roy! I meant Big Roy
ain't gotta have one.
You want an informant?
Big Roy got the best informant.
Red socks. Number 34. Damn!
Eliot! You're pain
in the ass Dead'O.
All he cares about is the socks.
So, I'll let him stick around
in exchange for information.
Here!
You're in mourning.
Got a hole to fill.
You know, I can't
taste anything.
Of course not! You're dead.
R.I.P.D. don't eat
we don't sleep.
We're here to kick Dead'O ass.
That's about it.
Then why would you eat this?
I enjoyed the mouth feel.
How's it going Eliot?
We're up. But the
hitline crap.
We'll blow it.
Knock yourself out.
Hello Eliot.
One of your buddies, well
gets erased for this. Why?
Rook...
That belongs to the evidence.
I thought you were some
kind of rebel Roy?
I fought for the more.
Would you mind terribly. If I
got back to my investigations?
Go continue your investigations.
Tell me what this is Eliot.
That looks like a
big hunk of gold.
Hahaha. It's not gonna
cut it try again.
Hey! Hey! Get your
hands off me.
You behave yourself now Eliot.
'Cause of me you're sitting there all
cozy in that land in the pun box.
Not opening a desert trying to get
your fingers back from the coyote.
You cops are all the same. Always
obssesed in about how you bid it.
How was your funeral newbie?
Did you cry?
Well they gave your wife that
nice folded up flag. Haha.
Hey! That's fun right?
I think we both know there is
no red socks on either sides.
So why don't you co-operate?
I apologize for
my poor attitude.
May I take a closer look Sir?
You may.
Yeah well look, I'm sorry to
disappoint but this is crap.
Look, Dead'O they're
sentimental.
Lots of them believe in
this talismatic junk.
For something else there
be some chatter out there.
I would know.
Alright. We're done here.
These hats are crap.
Keep your heads
up and inform me.
Yes Sir.
You gave him the gold?
He seems squirm. We got him.
Got him? What do you
meant we got him?
What we get?
Tell you what he got.
He got the gold.
Which you gave him.
What the hell is the
matter with you?
I'm pissed about my hat.
There, looky looky.
I'm gonna teach you
modern law enforcement.
This is called giving
the dog a bone.
Bones?
What he's doing?
Okay. That's weird. 'Cause that
looks exactly like your ex-partner.
The one who shot you dead.
Okay. I'm interested.
Caller me interested.
He might be chasing you huh?
First the guy smoking like a knuck worse.
Now we got guys just handing him gold.
Let me think. Just
let me think.
What's there to think about? The man
just screwing you from left to right.
Your own partner.
And the trifecta.
Sleeping with your wife.
'Cause this is your
house isn't it?
Total humiliation.
Just don't pass down
in the supermarket.
He's not sleeping with Julia.
Wanna bet?
Yeah let's... Winner shoots the loser
in the face as many time as he wants.
Not a hundred percent
confident winning the read.
Something always from Mike's.
Seeing how Nick's used to make
us stop and getting for it.
Thank you. Thank you Bobby.
Hey Julia. Nick seems
alright to you?
Isn't he concerned
about anything?
No. Okay. Okay.
Why? I'm sorry I got
to do this now.
Nick said he burried something.
If he's not sleeping with her, It's
kindda funny he's here isn't it?
Unless you got is half a pack scrubbing
for porn of your laptop for you.
I get that.
Classic actually.
He gave this to me.
He knew I wanted it.
What are you saying? That he just did
this to hide something under it?
I don't know. But I
got to take a look.
I was hoping I was wrong.
Just he stole this?
Oh God I feel sick.
You crook son of a bitch.
When were you going to
tell me about this?
Put the gun down. Shut up.
Just get it away from me.
I don't want to see it.
Don't worry. Don't worry about a thing.
He was my best friend.
I don't even knew who he was.
Get off from me or
I break your legs.
Explanation now.
We spli... We took something.
From a bunch of shit
rats who would have
turned into guns or drugs
or who knows what.
It was a victim of crime.
End of story.
Why would the Dead'O want it?
You think and I know
about this Dead'O shit?
It was just money that me, I was
trying to make our lives better.
Alright you did a good
job of that didn't ya?
Why don't you go and
try thing again.
Explain it to her,
that went well.
Try it again. If
it makes you...
Gold's getting away.
Come on. Tighten it up.
My wife sees me as
a piece of shit.
Actually she sees you
as an old Chinese guy.
By the way granpa Chin
pretty solid look.
Help you stay stakeouts.
The only thing I ever cared about
is what she thought of me.
Is all that matters.
The only thing which
she thinks...
That's who I am. I blew that.
Destroyed it.
Boo hoo.
You heard me, Boody hoo.
You might be the worst
person I've ever met.
Sadly, you do not get to tell
her how you did it all for her.
And where exactly do you think you tragedy
ranks on the scales cosmic of injustice?
Pakistan earthquake level?
Killing tiers level? To
me it was pretty big.
You're playing you're the only
who was cut down in his prime?
You think I felt unresolved as my
as my face was being devowed by a.
Oh Christ.
You just gonna have to learn to
sit on your regret and pain.
And turned the things
to adult persistence.
The way I do it. The
way im handles it.
I do music videos my phone
numbers is on the back.
Excuse me,
Im not a piece of meat put on this
earth for your gratification.
I'm a woman.
Respect me or I'll castrate you
like a three year old stair.
Look sharp. We got something.
Oh yeah. That's a Dead'O.
That has got to be his friends.
You stay on the gold.
I got it.
Hold up. That is on point.
No thanks.
Let's see you in action.
You questioning my methods?
You ever have a method?
Excuse me Sir, but word.
Freezer.
Allow me.
My bad.
Let me guess, R.I.P.D. Huh?
Great looks man.
You and your spadex
expresso and...
Easy with the razor.
You with your magnificent breast.
Watch it.
Hey sideburns, tell
us about the gold.
Look, we're friends here.
Help each other out.
You don't wanna get pop. I
don't want to popped here.
Oh you don't?
No. As soon as you
give us that case.
You got to start talking and
you keep to be roaming around.
With your bitch and
ginger sideburns.
You know what... I'm
sick of hiding.
Thank you. Thank
you very much.
Hell yeah.
Let's do this.
Suck it!
Straight butt!
Come on!
Lower your pants. Have
some butt roping to do.
Okay.
Are you okay?
Somebody call 911.
I'm okay. Nothing to see.
Got to go.
Idiot! Aim for the head!
Hell yeah. You son of a bitch.
Aw, my ass.
What is that?
Relax body.
Rook!
Over here! If not
too much trouble.
Thank you very much.
I've never seen one
like that before.
Never. Never before
has this happen.
Congratulations guys on
your unprecedented cock-up.
You let an exposed Dead'O
loose on the street.
In the middle of the day.
You're supposed to contain.
That is your most
basic job you failed
spectacularly to contain.
All right pretty
five was different.
We have evidence. As on
of their bunch of...
Don't get creative. You
do as you're told.
When you don't this happens.
Terrifying whatever rampage through the
streets of Boston today was not human.
Now look where we are. You
get to deal with them.
Who in this endless streams
of freaks is them?
Eternal Affairs.
Hammers dropping.
Well?
They're pissed.
Justify apparently stumbled
across something important.
Don't act too surprised
onr it boss.
The gold that Officers Pulsifer
and Walker brought in are part of
an incredibly dangerous artifact
known as the Staff of Jericho.
Oh, crap!
Maybe feather in for the new guy?
A little bit?
Remember the tunnel we pull
you out of when you died?
That's the only way to
get to the afterlife.
One way street.
This artifact if build,
reverses the tunnel.
The dead reign down
on this earth,
That's it for the living world.
Massive destruction we broke
into pieces 3000 years ago.
Now it's back.
Till we got the rest of the
gold, we're on red alert.
Also apparently you need
the blood of enemy.
There are more diagrams.
Why?
Why? Why would someone
make something like that?
Come on! Here I am willing
the streets into order...
Making headway... Year
after dominant year.
And now everything
I've done is being
threatened because of
some ancient for kids
by some asshole 5000 years ago?
Why even try? How am
I supposed to do it?
Look Jesus, You're
proud of yourself.
I got an important too.
What?
Well... What is it?
Actually...
It looks like, you two don't need to
concern yourself with the red alert.
It brings me no pleasure.
To inform you because of
your recent epic failure,
You both been suspended
you're off the case.
Hold on a second.
We are the case.
We're the ones who
brought it in.
I'm feeling that was involved
there would be a formal
hearing tomorrow after which
you're most likely to be erased.
Erased?
In this moment of clashes. They're going to
suspend and then erase their best Officer?
And this other guy.
Better Officers are taking over.
No such thing name one.
Jacobson, Dubo, Watterson,
Carson, Jackson.
Pretty good.
That guy who works at the taco card.
Shall I go on?
Okay Okay! So tomorrow
is my last day...
Most likely.
I'm sorry.
Well, it's a shame. Miss Proctor
it's been a delight. Roy, Thank you
very much for your mentorship
I'm sure it meant a lot to you.
I got somewhere more
important to be.
Who are you?
Why are you following me huh?
Stay away from me.
I haven't left you.
It's me.
No...
Rook...
Congratulations, you
finally did it.
You get what you wanted.
I might get erased tomorrow what
do you think im going to do?
You're freaking her out
if you haven't noticed.
I'm not the time motion level.
And yes in my day I bought
my love by the hour.
But I do know, what you're
doing is not helping.
Causing her pain.
Why do you think we're here?
What we do what we do.
It's so that Julia can have
the a world to live in.
And yeah and that
maybe that's you.
She need to survive this. Meet someone new.
Maybe have a family.
Because you are not coming back.
Ever!
The job is all you have now. But
we don't have the job anymore.
Nick, your crap.
You're like me.
Like you? Yes and
you're like my piece.
I'll come.
Hey fucking me for a long
time won't achive this state.
You can get there too
but for your weakness.
I've had it. I can't listen to one more
self righteous chesnut out of your mouth.
I don't want to live in
your weird past with you.
Speak which, those coyote's making
ball crap out of your face.
In that story the
coyote's are the heroes.
Hey you may think.
It wasn't. It was smelly.
It was violent.
It was written with no count
engines I've had a lot of anger.
To get past. Okay?
And you, you need to bring a lot of
shit out to have been suppressing.
For very long time.
One of the Coyote make love to my skull. Do
you know what that practice coming to call?
I do.
And I certainly hope
you got both eyes Roy.
Song is called better man.
Yeah I got that.
Maybe I took things
a little too far.
Maybe.
I'm sorry.
You ought take too much Nick.
Spent with. Maybe
your last moments.
You're right about the job Roy.
We got to get back out there.
In.
They want me back they
gonna have to beg.
I'm not going to take
this lying down you?
You wanna help me stop the
you know an apocalypse.
You put a bad Roy. Hell yeah
Kind of beg me into a corner.
I know his that gold. There
is no way he's just a bagman.
Let me ask you something.
Did he like Indian food?
He's not a fan.
But something is bugging me.
I rode this guy for 5 years.
I never noticed anykind of.
Soul stank.
Artifact that could masked it.
Like a spiritual deodorant.
Or something he carries
with him all the time.
Like grandma sacress for metal?
That.
Let's go pop this
son of a bitch.
You know what to do?
Oh yeah. Waiting a
long time for this.
You wait a long time?
You know how many years Dead'O have
been trying to pull this off? 3000.
Not one of those could get
all that gold together.
Until me.
R.I.P.D is not going
to know what him 'em.
Now go find yourself some trouble.
My pleasure.
Hey Julia.
Hey, I need to talk to you about
something really strange happened to me.
What's going on?
I was at the track last night. Do you
remember the guy at the funeral?
The little Chinese guy.
The one who is yelling.
Alright slow down. Slow down.
Take a deep breath.
I don't know somehow, I feel like
it's Nick who's trying to talk to me.
Okay.
I know it sounds crazy.
It's...
I know it's I don't know you
should be alone right now.
I'm going to pick up and im gonna take you
lunch and we could talk about everything.
You alright?
Okay.
Hayes, thank you for this. Absolutely.
I'll see you later.
Take the front I go right back.
Worked for me.
Bobby Hayes?
Yeah?
Let me ask you a few questions
involving tandoori.
Sweetheart you can ask
me anything you want.
Make yourself comfortable.
How about a little.
Sure. I'll wet my.
Coming right up.
Looking for this?
Nice move. Nick.
Hey carefull pull off.
I'm getting used to it.
You know it's just business.
Make a move please.
Nick.
It's late on ash Wednesday.
We can skip that part, Roy.
Take off the St. Christopher
Saint medal. Now.
Okay.
Powerful stank.
Where's the gold dead man?
Check the water heater.
Oh freaking.
Alright settle up.
We're gonna ride you in.
I know it's wrong. But the whole cowboy
talk things kindda working for me.
What you got to smile about?
Hey. How do you like
working with this guy?
Hanks a little tight
of the stuff huh.
When we get together is
none of your damn business.
Where's the rest
of the gold Hayes?
See what I meant?
Won't let it die.
When I got shot. Got that medal
couldn't believe I pull through.
Well I guess you
didn't pull through.
Well got killed by some
junkie and go to hell,
Just because I took to pay for No.
I don't think so.
Who gets to make that call.
I don't accept it.
Hey, let me ask you something. What do you
think hell punishment gonna be like Hayes?
Hell can kiss my ass.
Lap dancing.
Alright sit down.
Hey, you might wanna put that gold
before your partner get his hands on it.
What's this? It's personal.
Along with his gold
that I brought in.
That's right doll face. Despite
my chicken shit suspension.
I'm available for like a tutorial
tap thing for you and the
guys want a few tips to maybe
get yourself up to my level.
Why do I have to love you?
I had a beautiful moment now.
Castatrophic mistake.
Calm down but you
felt what you felt.
Take a seat.
This guys is gonna help me
with the shocking face thing.
Whatever is gonna wait for you on
the otherside is going to be bad.
Don't worry it's only forever.
Pass this gold is going
with the rest of it. Here.
Hey!
You just put something just like this.
Yeah it's in the basket over there.
Got to need to fill
up another form.
Better to do.
That's one decent thing
about being a Dead'O right?
He can't hear certain
frequency so well.
Nope.
Roy!
What the fuck?
Come on Nicky, you thought I
just let you bring me here.
If I don't want to
be here all along?
Isn't this thing sweet?
Freezes you guys up.
Does nothing to us.
They got one of this
artifact for everything.
Go! Go! Go! Go! Come on!
Split the gold. Take everything.
It's all there. Uhuh.
Come on!
Let's go.
No! The gold!
You're boss.
I got it all. I'm on it.
Daddy's got gold.
Let's build it boys.
Just like Main Street Dark City.
Induce, they picked the wrong
venue to make a stand.
I've been at this shit.
Hot.
Fixed it! Yeah!
Let's learn you a few things
about old west fighting.
First, Only a novice have to church.
First place I'm gonna look.
Second place. Hotel
window everytime!
I guess it's only one
novice in their crew.
Sometimes the window
guy is on the roof.
I haven't seen that before.
Must be the massive destruction
Proctor was talking about.
Buckle up!
Hey Julia. Hayes sent
us to give you a lift.
Guys, I can still drive.
It's pretty airy out there.
He's just worried about you.
Closing up.
Alright bag it up. Nobody gets through
to the Commonwealth building.
Nobody.
Look's like the big one is right
over the Commonwealth building.
That's where we're heading.
Yeah good read.
You agreeing with me that's weird.
Yeah feels great!
Kindda tingling.
Dead'O on wheels.
Oh that's disappointing.
I was hoping to get a
little break here.
Make it go away Nick.
I got it.
Holy shit!
That scare the shit out of me.
Get the gold up top. I gotta
wait for the final piece.
Hey, you're okay?
What the hell is going on?
Nothing is going on. I'm
glad you're here with me.
We need to get inside.
Listen there's something I got to tell you.
It's something I've been hiding.
Bobby I think you can wait.
Wait.
But I think you just
try keep an open mind.
Do not judge right well okay?
Skycam 4 is on the scene
with continuing coverage.
We're looking down on a
Commonwealth Building. What just
warming with I really don't
know the way to say this.
Monsters, I urge everyone to stay
inside until this situation...
Oh Shit!
Thank you.
It's like they
build a barricade.
And there's fat Elvis.
Give him the jeeping.
Not bad.
Can't check me.
Still hurts dicks.
Relax body.
Hope they have an elavator.
Ah! Shit!
Reverse the tunnel. The
dead come pouring back.
We stay here forever.
Kindda behind fine moments.
All we got to do. Is
fire up this bad boy.
Yeah! Okay.
This is where it gets a
little uncomfortable.
There's no great way to say
this so, I just say it.
This ancient things,
they off with element of
I must say human sacrifice
but human sacrifice.
I'll jump before you
could even touch me.
Julia, come on! Come on be cool.
This is an honor, im trusting
you with the heavy shit.
Julia!
Uhuh! Just in time!
Bobby don't!
No!
Shit! Nice shot!
I'm gonna get Julia. You
take care of the Staff.
That gold is better
coming down.
You frosty? I'll
say hot partner.
What now Nick?
You know it didn't have to be Julia.
But I just
couldn't resist it
bringing a small circle.
Come on we're screwed right?
Get over here.
How's it coming Roy?
It's harder than it looks.
Killing you never
gets old Nicky.
Anytime now.
Come on Roy!
Do some cowboy stuff.
Please! Roy!
There he is.
No.
Well partner. I
have a new partner.
I missed you.
I missed you so much.
I'm sorry. I'm so sorry.
It's okay been
with me know that.
That's all I wanted.
But not like this.
Julia, you got to
live your life.
Without me.
I hope you say goodbye.
Can't stay here.
It's okay.
Go! I will always love you.
Good bye.
She's gonna be okay.
Thank you.
You owe me for that.
Let's settle up. Sure.
I would like to be allowed
to design my own medal.
Not so fast.
The Eternals wanna have you had your
disciplinary hearing without you.
While we were saving the world?
Nick, as a new recruit you've
been let off with a warning.
Reasonably.
Roy, your punishment.
Punishment?
Yes. 53 more years have
been added to your terms.
53 years? That's...
That's a lot.
This is honky tonk bullshit.
You just like having me around.
Don't you?
My hat.
You found it?
I guess, I could have
brought you flowers but...
I like violence.
She Billy goated me.
Something we used to do.
Ah! She covered up damn ankle
with the damn white boots.
53 more years huh?
Well, I still got
somethings to work on.
Hell this is the third
time I've been extended.
Oh . Got you something.
What's this?
I know you weren't happy
with grandpa Chin.
Called a few strings.
Got you some new ID.
Thank you. Thank you Roy.
I need that.
This is great.
Oh you got to be shitting me.
Ah! Did what I could
inventory is what it is.
You thought this was
an improvement?